You have completed the Power MBA.
You have been a lot of months
learning, suffering and standing
us and what you have demonstrated
above all is that you are
a person who does what is
proposed.
We give you our most sincere
congratulations.
From now on, let's hope you
can share the knowledge and
apply the knowledge you've
learned in real life.
In real life, you trust
yourself.
These knowledge will make you
make a lot less mistakes and
especially you will reach
a destination much earlier
than you would have come
if you had not done Power MBA.
We hope you are forever
in our community
and think
great.
After all this time I
want to thank you.
First of all, I want to thank you for
trusting in Power MBA and you who have
become a finisher because I want
to thank you for the effort
you have devoted and I am convinced
that this effort will be used
and you will make it profitable.
Because as Hugo said throughout
the program you have acquired
knowledge that will help
you your goals.
I'm going to end up with a tip and
it's that if you have dreams and
real goals be brave that you believe
the circumstances so that what you
want to happen ends up happening.
I am fired.
By the way, you will have received
some email, probably two emails
in which we have sent you the certificate
as a finisher.
We have certified it through a blockchain-
based technology.
A big hug and thank you for everything.
I have guys.